[Music]
[Applause]
macoco came here last time here to see
my beer instead
[Music]
so right now we have a or Nigeria
come to see some of house to kami last
time on the others wasted trip it
touched me so we have to come back again
[Music]
and if you don't coffee tonight
my energy my heart my principles is I'm
no different just because I box I'm no
different my job is fighting and what I
do first and foremost I have to fight
for my family that's the most important
and now I want to help fight for my
fellow Nigerians as well there's nothing
[Music]
much that I just wait for fashion
is it lawyer
I've been a frequent traveler to Nigeria
when I was a young kid my mom was born
in the UK traveled went to Nigeria when
she was three and spent a lot of my time
in Nigeria growing up my dad born raised
trouble to UK so in a situation with
that is in my house use Nigeria outside
my house I was in UK so I always had the
difference of living with Nigerian
parents
I'm born bred raised in the UK so Arthur
as a London boy a Watford boy at heart I
took my son to see my dad where he's
from
when it gets tough that's when you get
strong bonds I'm gonna give up that's it
and now you ease up again even up
against I don't usually your energy
strong yeah good
so right now we're currently in Djibouti
that's what my father's from he's born
and raised in this community here and he
was always telling me like it's lovely
being in the UK but there's no place at
home and this is the first time I
actually come to see him in this
community and just being around here you
see the animals and the community is
lovely where our food and you've got big
space as well to bring me I'm a party I
love a party so I'm just looking at the
space working invite the whole community
here not fun go in which one's your
favorite one
what it is with me what I learn about
myself I'm three years old now so I do
look back in my life as that father when
I was around 16 to 18 18 to 21 I used to
do a lot of reading and I used to watch
a lot of documentaries and I used to be
into like more revolutionary things and
I used to have that spirit where I
wanted to kind of evolve within myself
evolve people and just do something
different to the normal and I stood what
Dinkins about and how you can manifest
your force I really understood that and
I graphs that type of stuff from an
early age so when I came here last time
I met femi kuti who is it
elder guy but a man with so much wisdom
and I just say we're so lucky to have
someone like that and I'm so lucky to
have someone you can mentor me and teach
me about the Forgotten people
[Music]
[Applause]
this time around this to time every jump
in the world
I went back to the shrine last time I
went was just in a day just to visit was
more of a tourist thing this time i sat
there is one of the local boys just
absorbing and all that energy and it
just meant a lot to me
[Applause]
[Music]
my friend the otter dollar family big
respect to them they helped organized my
last trip make sure that things were in
place and had a great time while
unfortunately I was in heavyweight
champion of the world it's not about the
riches in a man's pocket a man can't run
with money in his pocket all he can run
with his hope in his heart and that's
why for the kids it's not about why I
bring in my pocket it's about the love
the energy the connection I bring with
in my heart and I think that's where
they value more so I wanted to make sure
I came back as champion to show it's
relatable you can go through certain
things in life every person he wants to
get over a certain hurdle may fail the
first time and if you do just make sure
you don't give up and that was my show
in it I felt it's fine I learned I went
again and I may have failed last time I
would have gone again and I would have
made sure I stepped back here as
heavyweight champion of the world I just
happened to do it in a rematch my first
time around this is a country of so much
potential
a country of so much spirit country so
much pride I've had an unbelievable time
here in Nigeria and I would definitely
come back
[Music]
I know I share some latest footage with
my viewers but I love this stuff is my
own personal gain as well because it's
stuff that I'll be able to look back on
when I'm an old man I feel well you know
life went quick we achieved a lot we've
done enough and I got to share part of
my journey with the world